[oneDAL] Update array spec (#337)
oneapi-src/oneAPI-spec: source/elements/oneDAL/source/data_management/array.rst

Data ownership requirements
---------------------------

The array shall satisfy the following requirements on managing the memory blocks:

1. An array shall retain:

   -  Pointer to the immutable data block;

   -  Pointer to the mutable data block.

2. If an array represents mutable data, both pointers shall point to the mutable data block.

3. If an array represents immutable data, pointer to the mutable data block shall be ``nullptr``.

> 4. An array shall use shared ownership semantics to manage lifetime of the stored data blocks:

Author: No, it should be plural

1. An array class has the following member variables:

   - Pointer to the immutable data block;

   - Pointer to the mutable data block;

   - Pointer to the ownership structure that implements the shared ownership semantics;

   - The data block size;

2. The ownership structure is an object that stores:

   - Either a pointer immutable or mutable data block;

   - The deleter object;

   - The reference count (the number of array instances that owns the associated data block);

3. The destructor of an array decrements the reference count. If that count reaches zero, the
   ownership structure deallocates the associated memory block and the array destroys the ownership
   structure.

4. If the array object changes its state from immutable to mutable, the reference count of the
   ownership structure is decremented.

   - If that count reaches zero, the ownership structure
     deallocates the immutable memory block and the array destroys the ownership structure. The new
     instance of ownership structure owning the mutable data block is created and replaces the old one.

   - If that count greater than zero, the ownership structure is not destroyed. The new

>      instance of ownership structure owning the mutable data block is created and replaces the old

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     instance of the ownership structure owning the mutable data block is created, and it replaces the old
```

if you repeat the same sentence for both cases, shouldn't it be just a single sentence?

     one.

.. TODO: Add note regarding thread safety

.. note::

>    Implementer can choose an arbitrary implementation strategy that satisfy an array requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   You may choose an arbitrary implementation strategy that satisfies array requirements.
```

Data ownership requirements
---------------------------

The array shall satisfy the following requirements on managing the memory blocks:

1. An array shall retain:

   -  A pointer to the immutable data block of size ``count``;

   -  A pointer to the mutable data block of size ``count``.

2. If an array represents mutable data, both pointers shall point to the mutable data block.

3. If an array represents immutable data, pointer to the mutable data block shall be ``nullptr``.

> 4. An array shall use shared ownership semantics to manage lifetime of the stored data block:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. An array shall use shared ownership semantics to manage the lifetime of the stored data block:
```

     construction. If no deleter object provided, an array calls the default deallocating
     function that corresponds to the internal memory allocation mechanism.

> 5. If the managed pointer to the data block is replaced by the other pointer via ``reset()``, an
>    array releases the ownership of the managed pointer and start managing lifetime of the data block
>    represented by the other pointer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. If a managed pointer to the data block is replaced by another pointer via ``reset()``, the
   array that managed the pointer releases the ownership of it and starts managing the lifetime of the data block
   represented by the other pointer.
```

   - The deleter object;

   - The reference count (the number of array objects that own the associated data block);

3. If an array starts managing the lifetime of the data block represented by the pointer ``p`` and
   deleter ``d``, it creates the ownership structure object and initialize it with ``p`` and ``d``.
   The reference count of the ownership structure is assigned one.

4. If an array object releases the ownership, the reference count of the ownership structure is
   decremented.

   - If that count reaches zero, the ownership structure deallocates the memory block and
     the array destroys the ownership structure.

   - If that count is greater than zero, the ownership structure is not destroyed.

5. If a copy of the array object is created, the reference count of the ownership structure is

>    incremented and a pointer to the same ownership structure assigned to the created copy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   incremented and a pointer to the same ownership structure is assigned to the created copy.
```
